discovery: include Azure identity in subscription failure UserTasks (#69056)
gravitational/teleport: lib/usertasks/descriptions/azure-vm-subscription-list-denied.md

Teleport could not resolve the wildcard subscription matcher because the Azure integration cannot access any subscriptions.

> The UserTask's `tenant_id` and `client_id` fields identify the Microsoft Entra tenant and managed identity or service principal used by the integration. Verify that these identifiers are correct, then grant that identity a role with the following actions at the management group or subscription scope that Teleport should discover:

Reviewer: nit: UserTask seems like a implementation leak

```suggestion
This task's Tenant ID and Client ID fields identify the Microsoft Entra tenant and managed identity or service principal used by the integration. Verify that these identifiers are correct, then grant that identity a role with the following actions at the management group or subscription scope that Teleport should discover:
```

Reviewer: 🤔 could argue it's better for LLM's but it's referred to as a `task` later in this description

Author: I agree! Let's not leak implementation details.
